the box of Pandora Kratos traverses the desert of lost souls and
he finds a horn that on touching him would call kronos who on his back
he carried the huge temple of Pandora
once over the titan it takes three days climbing and looking for some
cost by which to climb
when he finally finds a place to get to the mainland
Kratos begins his mission by entering the temple
but before entering you meet a person
in fact he was a human
it was not a god
that had been condemned by the gods to burn the bodies of humans that
they wanted to enter the temple and get the Pandora's box
along the way it is killing many magical and mythical beings such as mermaids
minotaurs
cycle fat witnesses in addition to the multiple puzzles you have to
arm in order to find and use the Pandora's box
in this journey the main story is interspersed
from which skeletons trying to find the pandora's box
with secondary stories
like the first human who tried to conquer the box
but not having achieved it
the gods condemned him to an eternity burning the corpses in a bonfire
of those warriors that like him failed in the search
also on the road kratos is encountering the corpses of
those people who looking for maximum power seemed
at the same time
along this journey in the temple of Pandora that is divided in two
zones of ring sof pandora the rings of pandora and cliffs of madness
cliffs of madness
the game also delves into the history of the architect who built
this huge mass
missing green third
this architect was a faithful follower of the gods who accepted the task of
build a temple full of traps to house the box
but nevertheless
this architect
married and with two children
while he was building this temple
his two sons die
this fact made him crazy
and began to move away more and more from loyalty to the gods
considering the up coles with him
however these two deaths do not stop the architect to follow
building his masterpiece even using the heads of his children to
access certain places of the temple
that's why the more you move forward in the madder temple he gets
it was coming back and the traps are getting more and more difficult
due to the use of the corpses of their children as
tools or keys to go forward in the temple
the wife starts a strong conversation with him
that ended with her death nailed by a knife and the back
suicide of green cats third
when at last Kratos gets Pandora's box and has it in his possession
being in the city of Athens seeing the great achievement of kratos throws a
concrete column crossing it and killing it
and on his deathbed nightmares and his terrible visions about the past
who surrounds him continue to harass him
with the memories he had about him as the murder of his family and the
guilty of all this
kratos dies and descends to the underworld where before falling could be saved
thanks to the old man who ate the island and that he had removed the key from the
captain
Seeing it so that we can find the exit avoiding difficulties
which he is already used to
when there is the exit
is coming out of a tomb in Athens that a mysterious days before
hermit who had chatted with kratos
I had been digging
this old man disappears leaving deals with doubts of the identity of such
hermit
that is when Kratos was about to enter again at the destroyed hour
Oracle Temple
knowing that his final battle was there
kratos vs ares
kratos entrance to the temple and went to the back of this which is at
fresh air
where previously there was a huge statue with a giant sword
bridging
it is there where he meets the god of war
who was talking to the sky
criticizing his father zeus
and reproaching him that he was seeing what his son could do
how powerful he was and now even more
because Pandora's box now belonged to him
Kratos throws a lightning bolt at the chain that held the Pandora's box that ares
He had in his hand and is about to open it
after a thousand years
the box was finally opened and the powers of the gods were unleashed
Kratos increased enormously in size
reaching the height of ares
after a great epic battle ares sends kratos to another dimension
telling him that he took many ways to kill a man
but that the best way to kill someone was to break their spirit
that's why kratos falls on a platform where there was only one
temple
the temple in which previous years he had killed his family
Kratos does not understand much open the door of the temple and see that inside the
he finds his family being this an illusion
but this is where he sees that clones of him are beginning to emerge from the walls
a paradox was formed in which deals had to kill these clones
his
since they wanted to kill their family then
you have to avoid what previous years he had done
after a difficult fight
where clones of kratos grow a lot numerically ares stripped deals of
your swords
tearing off his arms
and with them he kills his family again
ares makes kratos back to athens
where before they had been fighting and now kratos stripped of their swords and
of all hope only awaits the final blow of his enemy
but that's where he sees the statue with the giant golden sword that simulated a
bridge
so he dodges the blow of his enemy and tears the sword from the statue
thus being planted in a second fight with the god
willing to liquidate him for what he did
after another fight with ares
Kratos manages to beat him and ares
lump ford on the water since the fight develops in the sea
he remembers that it was he who saved him from his death but he wanted to get
ideal land that did not have mercy
but Kratos tells him that he had achieved it and crosses it with the sword
killing him mercilessly
Kratos had achieved the impossible
that a mortal kill a god
ares no longer existed
the new god of the war kratos to have fulfilled the mandate of atenea
he feels he will be repressed from his feelings of guilt
but when he talks to her
she tells him that the gods have cried to their fallen brother and that they thank him
for doing his homework
but that he would not be stripped of his nightmares that tormented him when
he killed his family since no man and no god would forget the terrible ones
facts that he had committed
when he saw that his main objective had not been achieved and that he would live with
remorse of not recovering his family for the rest of his days
Kratos does not support the idea and decides to launch from the top of a mountain
on whose precipice cliffs await you that will surely end with your
lifetime
saying the gods of Olympus have abandoned me
now there is no hope but when diving and falling into the water it is
limited by the goddess atenea to the top where it was launched
where there was a statue of her and a mysterious golden hatch and
he says it was not his time to die
and that the gods could not forget the deeds that he managed to beat without any
help from a god i
how ares had died
there was a vacancy among the gods that was to be occupied by him
since there was no god of war it is here where atenea opens the floodgate
golden and reveals its interior the entrance took it to Mount Olympus
the goddess gives her the athenaeous swords that closely resemble the
swords of chaos only that these are golden instead of the others that were
forged iron
Kratos was preparing to enter Mount Olympus
entering a room where in the background awaits the majestic throne where finally
he sits down and rests knowing that he has not only achieved the impossible
but he also knew
that he was now the new god of war